---
layout: english
title: TV - Fargo S02E08
---

<h3>LopLop - 鸟人</h3>
<p>Once Ed arrives home, he and Peggy put Dodd into the trunk of his car and hide out in a relative's hunting cabin in South Dakota. Hanzee is pursuing the Blumquists. At a gas station, Ed makes several phone calls to bargain with the Gerhardts for Dodd's freedom. All seem uninterested. He finally comes to an agreement with Milligan and prepare to meet at a motel in Sioux Falls the following morning. Dodd however gets loose, incapacitates Peggy, and hangs Ed upon arrival. Peggy knocks Dodd unconscious in time to save Ed. A manhunt for Hanzee is organized after he shoots five individuals at a bar. He finds Constance (Elizabeth Marvel) in her hotel room at the seminar, and forces her to lure Peggy to reveal her general whereabouts, to no avail. Hanzee strangles Constance thereafter. A gas station attendant calls the police after he recognizes Hanzee in his shop. Hanzee finds the cabin and holds Ed and Peggy at gunpoint before shooting Dodd in the head. Lou and Hank burst through the rear door and exchange gunfire with Hanzee as Peggy stabs him in the back with the scissors. Hanzee flees out the front door.</p>

<div></div>
<script>
var note = {};
note["status"] = "{{ page.title }}";
note[1] = {};
note[1]['structure'] = {
	'1-4':'副词短语',
	'6-27':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'28-32':'SVC',
	'33-49':'SVOC',
	'50-52':'SVC',
	'53-73':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'74-84':'comma 加上 FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'85-90':'SVOC',
	'91-93':'in order to',
	'94-99':'SVC',
	'100-107':'副词从句',
	'108-119':'SVO',
	'120-130':'FANBOYS的A连接句子 SVOC',
	'134-137':'SVO',
	'138-144':'SVO',
	'145-151':'副词从句',
	'152-162':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'163-168':'简化副词从句',
	'169-181':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'182-191':'副词从句',
	'192-197':'SV',
}
note[1]['pos'] = {
}

</script>