---
layout: english
title: TV - Fargo S02E10
---

<h3>Palindrome - 回文</h3>
<p>The Gerhardts are virtually wiped out sans Charlie, thus permanently ending their dynasty. During the pursuit, Hanzee shoots Ed as he and Peggy flee through an alley. The pair take shelter in the meat locker of a supermarket. Ed eventually succumbs to blood loss, causing Peggy to have a mental breakdown and hallucinate that Hanzee has set the supermarket ablaze to smoke them out. However, Hanzee has since fled. Lou arrives and arrests Peggy. The two converse about life and death on the trip back to Minnesota, with Peggy finally accepting her fate. Hanzee, now provided a new identity from a confidant, contemplates his future. Milligan is promoted after claiming responsibility for wiping out the Gerhardt family. Meanwhile, Betsy has recuperated from the side-effects of her experimental chemotherapy drugs. When Lou returns home, he, Betsy, and a recovered Hank gather as a family. No one can explain the mysterious UFO seen at that shootout. Betsy then asks Hank about the strange symbols in his home office, and he explains he was attempting to create a universal pictorial language to promote better global cooperation and understanding. The three ponder what the future holds for each of them and for the family.</p>

<div></div>
<script>
var note = {};
note["status"] = "{{ page.title }}";
note[1] = {};
note[1]['structure'] = {
	'1-8':'SVC',
	'10-14':'简化副词从句',
	'15-20':'SVO',
	'21-28':'副词从句',
	'29-39':'SVO',
	'40-45':'SV',
	'46-54':'简化副词从句 SVOC',
	'55-65':'名词从句',
	'66-70':'SV',
	'71-76':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'76-88':'SVO',
	'89-94':'简化副词从句',
	'95-106''SVO',
	'107-109':'SVC',
	'110-118':'简化副词从句',
	'119-130':'SV',
	'131-134':'副词短语',
	'135-144':'SV',
	'145-151':'SVO',
	'152-155':'简化形容词从句',
	'156-170':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'171-186':'名词从句',
	'187-201':'SVO',
}
note[1]['pos'] = {
	'96-103':'简化形容词从句',
}

</script>