---
layout: english
title: TV - Fargo S02E09
---

<h3>The Castle - 城堡</h3>
<p>Lou and Hank call in the South Dakota State Police after recapturing the Blumquists. When Ed reveals his upcoming rendezvous with Milligan, State Police Captain Cheney hatches a dangerous scheme for him and Peggy to wear a wire for the meeting. Cheney has Lou escorted out of the state after strongly opposing the idea, though Hank stays behind. The Blumquists agree to the plan for lesser charges, and the police set up an ambush at the motel meeting spot. Hanzee lies to Floyd and Bear by claiming Dodd is being held inside the motel by the Kansas City mob. Meanwhile, Lou, discovering that Hanzee killed a gas station attendant, rushes to warn the others. Lou arrives to find the Gerhardts on the offensive against Cheney and his team. All but Ben and a wounded Hank are dead. Hanzee stabs Floyd to death. Bear attacks and attempts to strangle Lou. A UFO appears in the midst of the chaos, distracting Bear and allowing Lou to fatally shoot him. The Blumquists flee the premise, pursued closely by Hanzee. Hank tells Lou to pursue the trio as police reinforcements arrive.</p>

<div></div>
<script>
var note = {};
note["status"] = "{{ page.title }}";
note[1] = {};
note[1]['structure'] = {
	'1-10':'SVO',
	'11-14':'简化副词从句',
	'15-22':'副词从句',
	'24-42':'SVOC',
	'43-50':'SVOC',
	'51-55':'简化副词从句',
	'56-59':'副词从句',
	'60-68':'SV',
	'69-80':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'81-86':'SVO',
	'87-88':'副词短语',
	'89-100':'名词从句',
	'102-103':'after he discover 简化副词从句',
	'104-110':'名词从句',
	'111-115':'SVO',
	'116-117':'SV',
	'118-129':'SVOC',
	'130-139':'SVC',
	'139-143':'SVC',
	'144-150':'FANBOYS的A连接句子',
	'151-159':'SV',
	'160-168':'FANBOYS的A连接句子 简化从句',
	'169-177':'SVO,SVC',
	'178-188':'SVOC',
}
note[1]['pos'] = {
}

</script>